[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Jason Shurka
is a real estate entrepreneur
and author who has recently
been tasked to speak publicly
about the clandestine
organization
with extraterrestrial
connections that he says
has secretly existed on this
planet for thousands of years.
Jason, welcome to
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>JASON SHURKA: Thank you
so much for having me.
>>EMERY: What is TLS,
and what's its mission?
>>SHURKA: Sure.
So TLS, first of
all, those letters
stand for The Light System.
That's what they stand for.
>>EMERY: The Light System.
>>SHURKA: Yes.
I'll give you a little bit of
structure of how they work.
They're a global--
I mean, worldwide--
organization,
I would even say
universal-wide organization.
>>EMERY: How many
members are there?
>>SHURKA: There are
7,000 initiated agents.
When I say initiated,
there's a certain process
that you go through to
become an initiated agent
into the actual organization.
There came a point
in June of 2018
where I was approached
by somebody.
At that point, it
was a stranger.
And when he approached me in
just a regular conversation--
I like your necklace,
what is it--
he knew exactly who I was.
I didn't know that at the time.
Over time, he started sharing
more and more information
with me and putting me through
this disclosure process,
we could call it, as I was
prepared to receive it.
So it started with more so
metaphysical conversations
of, really, anything--
the fundamental base
of the universe and how things
work on the energetic level
all the way to
extraterrestrial races
and their levels of awareness
and their technology
and many, many different
things-- very wide
sort of array of
topics and subjects.
There came a point where
he revealed his affiliation
with a specific
organization known as TLS.
We're going to call him Ray.
That's his pseudo
name that he chose.
And part of the
reason that he doesn't
want to come out and tell
the world who he is is he
has a very distinguished
cover in the world.
Nobody actually knows who he is.
He's a pretty prominent person.
Everybody knows him for his
cover and not who he is.
He's an older man.
And for him to come
out and say, hey,
this is what I actually do--
because he works with TLS--
for him to come and say that
would be a complete change
of his entire life overnight.
And frankly, it's
just not something
that he wants right now.
>>EMERY: So why do you think
they picked you specifically
to deliver this message?
>>SHURKA: So originally,
at least to my knowledge,
I wasn't supposed to be the one
to put out this information.
There is a book written
called "Rays of Light"
that was written and more
so documented by Ray.
It's like a
consolidation of a bunch
of different conversations,
dialogues, lectures, insights,
knowledge, information, that
Ray accumulated over the period
of 2010 to 2014.
What happened was
TLS, at that point,
gave him permission
to put it out.
Ray actually did say that he's
willing to publish the book
contingent on the fact that he
can reveal the codes to unlock
the book's power.
TLS does not allow
him to do that,
partly because they feel
that humanity is not
ready for something like that.
And I happen to agree
with them on that aspect.
>>EMERY: So tell me
about the mission of TLS.
>>SHURKA: Yes, so their overall
mission, the reason why they're
here today, is to help
assist and guide humanity
in reaching a higher level of
awareness, specifically gamma.
Gamma is referred to
what many people call
fifth-dimensional awareness.
That's what gamma is.
That's this new
era, this new age,
that they're trying to assist
and guide us into reaching.
Now, everybody-- agent, no
agent, just every human being--
is born with a specific
frequency, a specific energy.
So there is, as I was taught,
10 different dimensions
that the universe
is made out of.
Each dimension is
infinite, but there's
10 different dimensions.
The name of the first five
is what modern-day science
calls brainwave frequencies,
or brainwave patterns.
So that's beta, alpha,
theta, delta, and gamma.
Each one of those
frequencies are actually
different dimensions
on the spiritual level,
only science is more focused on
the physical phenomenon instead
of the non-physical,
so they keep it
limited to that understanding.
These frequencies are all
different dimensions and levels
of awareness that, when
you're in resonance with them,
allows you to do
different things.
So, for example, most
of the human race
today is in mid-beta.
Each dimension is
broken up into 10 parts.
So there's beta 1, 2, 3, 4,
5, delta 1, 2, 3, 8, 9, 10,
all that, and gamma and so on.
>>EMERY: Sure.
>>SHURKA: For example,
anywhere from beta to alpha
is more materialistic,
very preoccupied
with the material
aspects of life.
Theta is-- I'll give you some
examples-- more somebody that's
more preoccupied with the
spiritual aspect of life--
meditation.
They generally read a lot more.
The way they eat is a
little bit different.
It's more correlated to
higher vibrational foods.
Delta gives the
ability to do things
like out-of-body experiences.
And gamma is when all
of this is just not
a problem for you-- levitation
with the body, flight
with the body.
All of those things
are second nature.
When it comes to
TLS, I mean, you
could think of them as like a
spiritual version of the CIA
because that's pretty
much how they're built,
organizationally speaking, only
they're a lot more powerful.
People that have the abilities
to levitate with the body,
fly with the body,
all of those things
are part of humans
and non-humans
that are a part of TLS.
When I say non-humans, there
are extraterrestrial beings--
physical beings that you could
touch, that you can smell,
that you can hug--
that are a part of TLS.
Some of them look like us.
Some of them don't.
Some of them, over time, shift
into looking like a human being
to assimilate into Earth.
Also, in TLS, when it
comes to their structure,
because I didn't
explain that, they
have a branch in every
major city in the world.
Each branch, or division,
is referred to as a chapter.
So in New York, let's say,
their main New York branch
would be called their
New York chapter.
And when it comes
to TLS, as well, it
has nothing to do
with religion, it
has nothing to do with race
or age or gender or ethnicity
or any of that.
There's all ages, all ranges.
There are very old people who
are part of the organization.
I know of two--
one is over 400 years old,
another one is 613 years old,
if I'm not mistaken.
And they're human beings.
They're very powerful human
beings that have access
to very high dimensions.
They're in a state of
gamma at all times.
These people are not people
that you would know exist.
And if they don't want
to be in a picture,
you will not see
them in a picture.
They have abilities that
they can look at you
and erase a certain memory
that you have if they want to.
It's complete control but
coming from a very high
vibrational place.
>>EMERY: Right.
How far back does TLS go?
>>SHURKA: I could tell you
that they've been in existence
for over 5,000 years.
And, again, their power is
something that's incredible.
>>EMERY: And do they meet,
these chapters, once a month
or a week?
>>SHURKA: There are meetings.
They have an office.
You just won't know
that it's a TLS office.
They have an office
in New York City.
in Los Angeles.
They have an office everywhere,
especially in the major cities.
>>EMERY: Right.
Well, are they militaristic?
Are they trying to seek
any type of control?
Are they similar to
the Illuminati, being
hidden behind closed doors?
>>SHURKA: Number
one, they're just not
even close to a part
of the Illuminati.
They're the exact
opposite, especially when
it comes to their intentions.
So again, ultimately,
they're here to--
if you want to talk about
the idea of the Illuminati
without putting names
and all that out there,
it's suppression of humanity,
suppression of knowledge,
suppression of
spirituality, in order
to keep us on a
certain resonance
that we don't understand
what our true power is.
What TLS does is
the exact opposite.
There is a certain
timeline, based
on how ready humanity
is at any given moment,
for things to be
able to be shown.
And it's one thing to
hear about a shapeshifter.
It's another thing to see one.
So that's why I'm an advocate
for the process of disclosure.
Because I think
it's very important
to, first, tell somebody
that something strange exists
before you show them that
thing that exists in order
not to induce chaos.
They don't want chaos.
They're trying to bring us to
this new level of awareness
without causing problems along
the way, to wake us up slowly.
>>EMERY: Jason, how does
TLS survive financially?
I mean, what does that
structure look like?
>>SHURKA: First of all, to
run an operation like this,
of this magnitude, of
this size, is something
that does take a lot of money.
It's a very big operation.
It's a very organized operation.
So TLS is not dependent
on any donations
or any of those things.
They have and operate
their own businesses
through many different mediums.
There can be big businesses that
we know of today that they may
be operating behind the scenes.
So through that is where
they have the financial means
to do what they have to do.
And when they pay
their agents, they also
pay them under an alias.
It's not like you
got a check from TLS.
It's an alias based on the
cover story that that agent has
of what they do,
where they work.
>>EMERY: Tell me how they
actually get the word out
if they're so hidden
and secretive.
You're here, it looks
like, representing them.
But who else?
How do they get this
information out to help us?
>>SHURKA: So there are
some initiated agents who
are very, very well-known
and world-renowned people
that you just don't know
that are a part of TLS.
Most of them are
not those people.
Most of them are just
everyday human beings.
Your mother could
be a part of it.
You would have no idea.
Everybody has a cover.
Everybody gets paid
for their work,
with the exception of
the spiritual agents.
Anybody that's on
the spiritual side,
generally, for the most part,
they do it as volunteer work.
But when it comes to the
physical side, all of them
are paid.
When it comes to how
they get the word out,
take certain celebrities that
have impacts and influences.
Take certain producers that
create certain content.
Take certain authors
that write certain books.
Take certain people in the media
that give certain messages.
It could be subliminal.
It could not be subliminal.
They do it on purpose
through mediums
that we don't
necessarily understand
what's happening that's
affecting us energetically.
And again, there
are people that are
very well-known in the world
that are a part of it that
can maybe stop certain
things from happening,
make certain things happen,
depending on what's going on.
But it's all with the
intention of guiding
us to get to the place of
not being suppressed anymore,
to wake us up to our true power.
Because they're not
here to control.
They let the evolution
of humanity's awareness
happen as it has to happen.
There are certain
things that they
don't interfere with, like
elections, for example.
That's against the rules.
You're not allowed to
interfere with that.
But I will touch
up on something.
People ask me, well, if TLS
is this divine organization
with all of this power
and they're so great,
why do we have evil like
we do in the world today?
Why don't they
just wipe them out?
And the answer to
that-- and this
is an answer that I was given,
understood, through them--
was where is the power held?
Is it in the few who are
controlling the many,
or is it in the people?
And the illusion is that
the power is in the few.
So I'm sure that
TLS can go wipe out
certain individuals tomorrow.
I'm sure that they can induce
a heart attack without even
touching the human being.
And they could.
But they won't.
And the reason why
they won't do that
is because, let's say they did.
Let's say they wiped out
every being that's controlling
and suppressing humanity today.
What's stopping those
people from being replaced?
And the key to where
all of that exists in--
and again, this is something
that I was taught and given
a lesson, understanding,
on-- is the reason
why these evil people,
if you want to call them,
and controlling people
exist is because we
the people allowed them to
exist in the first place.
>>EMERY: So we empowered them.
>>SHURKA: We empowered them.
Look at Hitler.
We literally elected him into
power through a democracy.
It wasn't a dictatorship
to begin with.
It was something that we chose.
And ultimately, if
you take Hitler,
he was a reflection of our
consciousness at the time.
So the key to changing--
and this is how TLS works,
this is the key of
understanding their mission--
is not directly to
take down the evil.
It's to educate and wake up the
masses so our resonance rises.
And when our resonance
and awareness rises,
the reflected reality
will not be one
where evil can exist
in the first place.
>>EMERY: That's a group,
collective, collaborative
manifestation of positivity.
>>SHURKA: It's an understanding
of just the basics
of how energy works.
Our perception, our reality,
is a direct reflection
of our awareness.
What we're in resonance with
is what we'll experience.
If we're in resonance with
lower vibrations like fear,
corruption, and greed, we'll
experience fear, corruption,
and greed.
And the moment we become
aware of how to tune out,
and we're guided of how to
tune into a different frequency
where evil and
corruption and greed
are no longer in
resonance with us,
they won't be a part
of our reality anymore.
So that's how TLS works.
It's to shift the awareness
and consciousness of the masses
in order to reflect a shift
in our world into the way
that we want to see it.
>>EMERY: Does TLS
have any type of bases
that they can go and train at or
facilities that are clandestine
around the planet?
>>SHURKA: For example,
there's a school.
I can't reveal the
location of that school.
But there's a school
where one of the leaders--
one of a few-- but
one of the leaders
has hundreds of students where
he teaches certain things more
on the physical level.
When it comes to certain
bases, if you want to call it,
I know that in New Jersey and
in many places around the world,
there's a specific field.
It's like a landing
strip but for UFOs.
So it's not really a strip,
it's just an open field.
It's public property.
It's not private.
And that's what they
use whenever they either
have to load something--
it's like in and out,
things like that-- with
other races, other beings,
with their crafts and all that.
What they do have, which
is pretty interesting,
is it's like, OK,
well, how do you
not see a ship
coming and landing
in the middle of New Jersey?
And there are a significant
amount of UFO sightings there.
But when it's on
the ground, there's
this electromagnetic
field that-- they
have this technology
that creates
this field around the
craft that pretty much,
if you were looking at
it, you wouldn't see
that there's anything there.
It's like "Men in Black,"
if you've ever seen.
There's something there,
and you can't see it.
>>EMERY: It's like a
cloaking device of some sort.
>>SHURKA: Yeah, pretty much.
It's about a hundred feet.
So you can see when they're
coming in and going out.
But it's not slow landings.
It's extremely fast.
What I find interesting is that
there is no mark on the ground
after they leave.
>>EMERY: What
technologies does TLS
have that we may not
see in everyday life?
>>SHURKA: The whole idea of the
Tesla grid, free energy system,
it's there.
It's 100% real.
They have access-- and I'm
saying access because it's not
theirs--
they have access to
certain, we can call
it extraterrestrial technology.
The crafts are the biggest
things that they really have.
And the way that those crafts
work are pretty unbelievable.
What I will add on to that is--
and this is a missing
factor that I haven't
seen in, at least,
a community and how
things are being spoken about--
we're under the impression
that these crafts work
through physical technology.
And yes, it's a part of it.
But it's not just
physical technology.
It's what would be referred
to as spiritual technology.
So I'll explain what that means.
They have technology that
we all know of called EMP--
electromagnetic pulsation--
which, by the way,
also existed in the
times of the pharaohs
and those ancient
extraterrestrials.
They came here with
that technology.
It's nothing new.
There is EMLP, which is
an electromagnetic laser
pulsation.
And when it comes
to certain crafts,
the crafts don't
just work off of EMP
and EMLP on the physical side.
They also work from the energy
from the sun and magnetism.
The real question
is, well, how do
these crafts
operate at thousands
and thousands of miles per hour
and suddenly make a 90 degree
turn?
How does that happen without
the craft blowing up and any
being inside it being
squashed against the wall?
The key that I was taught that
I haven't seen, for some reason,
anywhere else-- maybe it's
just I haven't done enough
research--
but when I say
spiritual technology,
there is something called
the power of thought.
So there's the speed of sound.
There is the speed of light.
The only thing that's
faster in the universe
than the speed of light
is thought and the way
that it travels.
But there's all different
shapes and sizes
and pyramids and triangles and
saucers and pills and all that.
The inside doesn't look like a--
it's not like a 747 cockpit with
a bunch of different buttons
that you have to know how
this and this and this.
There are a few
touch-screen buttons,
but there's this like panel or
dashboard of some sort that's
made of crystal or glass.
That's what connects the
consciousness of the operator,
through the power of thought, to
the actual physical technology
that's operating the craft.
So the first thing that
has to be understood,
and this is what these
beings understand
at their level of awareness,
is that there is no such thing
as something not being alive.
Everything is alive.
Everything is connected,
whether it's a rock,
whether it's a cup, whether
it's a human being, whether it's
a plant.
No matter what it
is, all matter is
connected to this unified
field of consciousness.
And through their level of
awareness, which is very high,
they have the ability to
connect to this unified field
of consciousness.
So right now, we're just
talking about it conceptually.
They can actually do it.
So through that power of
thought, they take their hand.
Sometimes they don't even
have to touch the panel.
But let's say they're
touching the panel.
And what happens is the craft
takes on the consciousness
of the operator.
So the fact is is that this
higher level of consciousness
that the operators hold--
in this case, the ETs
and, in some cases,
humans that are put
through certain training,
they can transcend the
limitations of time and space.
That's where their awareness is.
And because their
awareness transcends
the limitations of time and
space, so does the craft.
And it works in
ways that don't work
according to the laws of
physics as we know them today.
Because our understanding
of the laws of physics
today are a reflection
of our awareness
today on the collective level.
Same thing with science.
What science deems are
the criteria for something
to be alive, it's very limited.
And there will
come a day where we
reach a higher
level of awareness,
like these beings who
operate their crafts,
and will come to
understand that way.
And it's not just
about something
that has genetic material
and that can replicate.
It's something that has
to do with what everything
can be deduced to, which is
energy and consciousness,
ultimately.
So their technology
is extraordinary.
They can travel
intergalactically
in five minutes.
And when I say
intergalactically,
we're talking not
within the Milky Way.
You could-- trillions
of light years away.
Because those things
don't affect them anymore.
It's not about time.
It's not about distance.
>>EMERY: Right, there is no
time or space or distance.
>>SHURKA: None of that.
Time doesn't exist the
way that we experience it
here on those planets.
It's completely different.
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
What type of projects
and technologies
does the TLS have that are
for our future benefit,
the civilians, the
humans of the planet?
Is there anything that
they have lined up
for us that could help us?
>>SHURKA: They have crafts.
There are certain-- if we go
to ancient, more ancient--
>>EMERY: When are they going
to release this technology?
>>SHURKA: When, in
terms of a timeline?
I don't know.
But in terms of when in a
different way to answer-- when
we're ready to receive it.
And that's where we come in.
So it's not just a matter of
TLS is doing things for us.
It's humanity is
responsible for humanity.
And we have the
freedom of choice.
We can choose to
keep ourselves not
being ready to receive
certain things.
We can choose to open our minds
to receive certain things.
So personally, that's
part of my motivation
for doing any of this.
It's to kind of
facilitate in any way
that process of becoming ready
in a more efficient and timely
manner, if you want to call it.
>>EMERY: It definitely sounds
like their consciousness
is extraterrestrial, based
through my experience.
Because a lot of people
are always asking,
why can't they just come here
and give us all this stuff?
And it's like you
said, we're just not
ready yet for that
before giving us
so much power in a lot of
these amazing technologies
you have mentioned.
>>SHURKA: Absolutely.
You know, just to
piggyback off of that,
there are a lot of people
that say, OK, well,
you're talking about all
these extraordinary things.
Where is the proof?
And that's a very important
thing to talk about.
Because where's the proof?
So when it comes to
certain teachings--
and this also connects to space
and certain things that exist
there--
the foundation is there's
an energetic understanding,
or there must be an energetic
understanding, of how
frequency and resonance works.
So for example, if
our range of awareness
is limited from frequency or
dimension-- let's say 1 to 5,
or let's go back to the
gamma, beta, theta, alpha.
If we're in beta 7,
or if I'm in beta 7,
I will not be able to
perceive something in beta 8.
If I'm in gamma 5, I will not
be able to perceive something
in gamma 8, and so on.
Our range of awareness,
it pretty much
dictates our perception
and what we can see.
So it's not just about physical
seeing, it's also about the way
that you understand information.
So the reason why I bring
that up with the idea of where
is the proof is there could
be proof in front of us
right now,
perceptually speaking,
and we can't perceive it.
There can also be proof that's
already been given to us,
and we just don't
understand that it's proof
because we're not at
the level of awareness
to understand what
this truly means.
Does that make sense?
>>EMERY: No, absolutely.
Yes.
>>SHURKA: So that's
where I would go in
on where's the proof.
>>EMERY: How is TLS
going to reveal itself
to the general population,
do you believe?
>>SHURKA: So I'll
say they already
started through this
medium of me putting out
certain information and whatnot.
But let's say TLS came out
today and showed high technology
crafts and extraterrestrials
and hologram beings
and everything in between.
It would probably freak
a lot of people out.
There are many people that
are ready to receive that.
But on the collective level of
our human race on the universe,
it would cause a lot of chaos.
That's the truth.
They will reveal
themselves to that extent
when people are ready
to receive that.
But that's up to us.
How open are we to changing
our belief systems?
How open are we to letting
our belief systems dissolve
and start fresh, even
if it's uncomfortable?
And how open are we to accepting
that new possibilities that we
might have thought in the past
were impossible may actually
be possible?
>>EMERY: How do
the humans interact
with the non-TLS humans.
>>SHURKA: Just like
it is right now.
Because they're taught to have
a standard of communication.
So there is telepathic
communication,
but everybody's taught
how to communicate.
For the most part,
if they're here,
you communicate like earthlings.
So we speak.
We talk.
And other beings that come
here that work with TLS
are trained on how to do that.
>>EMERY: How far along is
TLS in the process of doing
what they were created to do?
>>SHURKA: In terms of
how far along they are,
I think right now, we're
in a very significant time
period that's a very big turning
point, and it's a milestone.
I mean, the fact that an
organization like TLS that's
been in existence for over
5,000 years behind the scenes
is suddenly coming
and feels humanity
is ready to accept this, it
shows that we're making shifts.
Right now, they say
that we're in what's
called the Age of Light.
So the Age of Light is
this age where we're in now
that things are being exposed.
Information is being exposed.
I mean, that's
what we're seeing.
Look at what we're
doing right now.
And the next age that
they want to bring us to,
which is what I
refer to as gamma,
or fifth-dimensional
awareness, is
what they call the Age of Love.
So that's a time where our
world looks very much like ET
planets today.
There's no borders.
There's no war.
There's no disease.
There's none of this
low-vibrational experience
of me and you, and
we're separate.
And it's none of that.
It's a time where there's
intergalactic unity.
It's a time of love.
It's a time where evil is not
a part of our reality anymore.
There is no corruption.
There's no greed.
There's no doctors because
there's no sickness.
There's an understanding
of how nature works
and how to guide
through it intuitively
through your understanding.
You don't need a nutritionist.
>>EMERY: You speak
about the Age of Love.
What happens if humans
don't reach a higher
level of awareness
and consciousness
to be relevant for
the Age of Love?
>>SHURKA: When it comes to
timelines and the information
that I've received from
TLS when certain things are
going to happen,
and the answer is
we could experience this now.
We could bring this
in our lifetime.
We could bring it in five
years, in 10 years, in 30 years,
or in 50 years.
It's all dependent on what we
decide to do along the way.
And that's where we step in,
where they're not controlling
us, they're just guiding us.
And that's where the
freedom of choice comes in.
>>EMERY: Is there
a vision of TLS
that maybe this will not happen?
>>SHURKA: No.
No, this is what they would
call the collective destiny
of humanity.
No matter what, we're
going to get there.
The question is how.
Their purpose,
really, their mission,
is beyond just assisting
and guiding us to reach
this new level of awareness.
It's doing so with as
little damage along the way.
That's what they always try
to do-- as little bloodshed,
as little damage, as little
problems along the way,
to facilitate our awakening
process in a comfortable way.
So ultimately, I think we're
in a very positive place right
now.
Although some people
may not see it that way,
I think we're in a
very good trajectory.
I think the fact that episodes
like this are happening
in the first place
is proof that we're
in the right direction
of disclosure, awareness,
knowledge.
And I think that, so long as
we keep doing what we're doing,
we learn from our past,
from our history--
again, that's why I think
this is happening right now--
we can make our next steps
in the right direction
for not just the
benefit of humanity
but the intergalactic
connectivity of all life
in the universe as a whole.
>>EMERY: Jason, thank you
for being on the show.
It's been a great awakening.
And I can't wait to hear the
viewers' responses to this.
Thank you so much.
>>SHURKA: Thank you.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]